optimizer: modify docs for analyze behavior (#5781)
pingcap/docs: statistics.md

> For quicker analysis, you can set `tidb_enable_fast_analyze` to `1` to enable the Quick Analysis feature. The default value for this parameter is `0`.
>
> After Quick Analysis is enabled, TiDB randomly samples approximately 10,000 rows of data to build statistics. Therefore, in the case of uneven data distribution or a relatively small amount of data, the accuracy of statistical information is relatively poor. It might lead to poor execution plans, such as choosing the wrong index. If the execution time of the normal `ANALYZE` statement is acceptable, it is recommended to disable the Quick Analysis feature.
>

> > `tidb_enable_fast_analyze` is an experimental feature, which at present **does not match exactly** with the statistical information of `tidb_analyze_version=2`. Therefore, you need to set the value of `tidb_analyze_version` to `1` when enabling `tidb_enable_fast_analyze`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> `tidb_enable_fast_analyze` is an experimental feature, which currently **does not match exactly** with the statistical information of `tidb_analyze_version=2`. Therefore, you need to set the value of `tidb_analyze_version` to `1` when `tidb_enable_fast_analyze` is enabled.
```

    ANALYZE TABLE TableName PARTITION PartitionNameList INDEX [IndexNameList] [WITH NUM BUCKETS|TOPN|CMSKETCH DEPTH|CMSKETCH WIDTH|SAMPLES];
    ```

> **Note:**
>

> > To ensure the consistency of the statistical information both before and after, when you set `tidb_analyze_version=2`, `ANALYZE TABLE TableName INDEX` will also collect statistics of the whole table instead of the given index.

Reviewer: @winoros 请帮忙看看是说`为了保证收集前后统计信息的一致性`吗？谢谢~
```suggestion
> To ensure that the statistical information before and after the collection is consistent, when you set `tidb_analyze_version=2`, `ANALYZE TABLE TableName INDEX` will also collect statistics of the whole table instead of the given index.
```
